docs(weave): Rework thread handling in OpenAI and Anthropic API calls; Add session resumption example (#5182)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/tracking/threads.md

# - Supporting operations in call chain tracked as nested calls, not turns
```

### Resume a previous session

Sometimes you need to resume a previously started session and continue adding calls to the same thread. In other cases, you may not be able to resume an existing session and must start a new thread instead.

> When implementing optional thread resumption, **never** leave the `thread_id` parameter as `None`, as this will disable thread grouping entirely. Instead, always provide a valid thread ID. If you need to create a new thread, generate a unique identifier using a function like `generate_id()`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable thread resumption, pass the thread ID of the existing thread to `weave.thread(...)`. If no thread ID is provided, Weave will automatically generate a new one using UUIDv7.
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback, unfortunately that misses the point of this doc change. From what Scott reported:
https://weightsandbiases.slack.com/archives/C03BSTEBD7F/p1753440962441659

He doesn't want to do this:

```
if thread_id:
    thread_ctx_mgr = weave.thread(thread_id)
else:
    thread_ctx_mgr = weave.thread()
    
with thread_ctx_mgr as thread_ctx:
```
in that sometimes we provision a parameter, sometimes not, it is kind awkward. 

So to keep using `weave.thread(thread_id)` uniformly, I proposed him a way to transform the value of thread_id instead.

:::info
When no `thread_id` is specified, Weave's internal implementation automatically generates a random UUID v7. You can replicate this behavior in your own `generate_id()` function or use any unique string value you prefer.

> :::

Reviewer: Unnecessary if above suggestion is applied.

```python
import weave
import uuid
import argparse

def generate_id():
    """Generate a unique thread ID using UUID v7."""

>     return str(uuid.uuid4())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return str(uuid.uuid7())
```

Author: uuid doesn't have the uuid7, but `uuidv7` package has. Updated document accordingly.
